User Guide
==========

What is Ativnos?
----------------

Ativnos is a freelance network for activists.

Motivation.
~~~~~~~~~~~

Activist freelancers cannot offer volunteer work on current freelance
networks, and activists do not have a direct method to find help online
to promote their cause. On the current networks, people can search for
freelancers by the skills the freelancer has or gigs by what skills the
gig requires. Activists cannot find volunteer freelancers by the causes
the freelancer supports, and activist freelancers cannot find gigs that
help the causes they support.

How to get started
------------------

Right now ativnos is in a closed beta and accounts are created by
invitation only.

You don’t need an account to get involved! check for publicly listed
tasks here: https://ativnos.org/tasks/

Using Ativnos
-------------

By defualt, all new users’ profiles and tasks are only viewable by other
logged in users. This can be changed here:
https://ativnos.org/profiles/update/

Profiles
~~~~~~~~

Profiles are listed here: https://ativnos.org/profiles/ . If you are not
logged in, you will only see public profiles listed.

Profiles show information added by the user. You can change your profile
information here: https://ativnos.org/profiles/update/ You may also add
causes you care about and skills you have to your profile. If you want
to help other users, put contact information in your profile’s
description

Avatars are provided by gravatar. You can change your avatar here:
https://en.gravatar.com/

Tasks
~~~~~

Tasks are listed here: https://ativnos.org/tasks/ . If you are not
logged in, you will only see tasks from user who have set their
profile’s to public.

You do not need to be a user to do a task. Task’s should include
information on how to get involved.

Frequently asked questions
--------------------------

Why Does ativnos not have a messaging system?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are enough better messaging systems out there. It is better to use
them.

Where can I report a bug?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

https://github.com/evrom/ativnos/issues